final_CD4-summits_corces_hg19_summits.bed	Human CD4 T-cells
final_CD8-summits_corces_hg19_summits.bed	Human CD8 T-cells
summits_filter2_adult_microglia_merged_GSE79816_summits.bed	Microglia
summits_filter2_astrocytes_merge_preissl_summits.bed	Astrocytes*
summits_filter2_blue-cone_ss-all_merge_GSE83312_summits.bed	Cones (blue)
summits_filter2_cd4_mm10_merged_GSE107076_summits.bed	CD4 T-cells
summits_filter2_cd8_mm10_merged_GSE107076_summits.bed	CD8 T-cells
summits_filter2_cort_excite_merge_GSE63137_summits.bed	Excitatory Camk2a
summits_filter2_cort_pv-gaba_merge_GSE63137_summits.bed	Inhibitory PV
summits_filter2_cort_vip-gaba_merge_GSE63137_summits.bed	Inhibitory VIP
summits_filter2_cux2_excite_merge_GSE87548_summits.bed	Excitatory Layers II/III
summits_filter2_ex1_merge_preissl_summits.bed	Excitatory Layer VI*
summits_filter2_ex2_merge_preissl_summits.bed	Excitatory DG*
summits_filter2_ex3_merge_preissl_summits.bed	Excitatory Layers II-V*
summits_filter2_fb_da_all_merge_mccallion_summits.bed	Embryonic DA forebrain
summits_filter2_gad2_inhib_merge_GSE87548_summits.bed	Inhibitory Gad2
summits_filter2_green-cone_all_merge_GSE83312_summits.bed	Cones (green)
summits_filter2_inhib1_merge_preissl_summits.bed	Inhibitory*
summits_filter2_inhib2_merge_preissl_summits.bed	Inhibitory MSN*
summits_filter2_mb_da_all_merge_mccallion_summits.bed	Embryonic DA midbrain
summits_filter2_microglia_merge_preissl_summits.bed	Microglia*
summits_filter2_neun-neg_merge_preissl_summits.bed	Neun negative
summits_filter2_ntsr1-6_excite_merge_GSE87548_summits.bed	Excitatory Layer VI
summits_filter2_oligo_merge_preissl_summits.bed	Oligodendrocytes*
summits_filter2_rbp4-5_excite_merge_GSE87548_summits.bed	Excitatory Layer V
summits_filter2_rod_ss-all_merge_GSE83312_summits.bed	Rods
summits_filter2_scnn1a-4_excite_merge_GSE87548_summits.bed	Excitatory Layer IV
